# UA SIGCOMP Algorithms
---

### The Repository

This git repository will serve to store generic algorithms for programming
problems and contests. Feel free to modify anything, as long as it is
productive and purposeful, and help out when possible. 

The repository is structured how it is to make the build process easier. All
code for the algorithms should go under the main/ directory in the appropriate
directory. Any code for testing the algorithms should be placed under
test/ in the correct corresponding directory.

The code is built using an ant build script. Here are a few useful commands:
* ant clean
* ant compile
* ant tests
* ant [algorithm directory]

If you add or remove something, please make sure the build script is up to
date. When the build script is run all algorithms and test code should go to
the appropriate directory under target/.

To run a specific test, you will have to set the classpath, `cd` into the
target directory or use run.sh:
* cd target; java test.Math.PrimeFactorization.TestTrialDivision
* java -classpath target/ test.Math.PrimeFactorization.TestTrialDivision
* ./run.sh TestTrialDivision

Bash is capable of tab completing the fully qualified class name in the first
two examples.

Currently, we have several sections for different types of algorithms:

* Backtracking
* Branch & Bound
* Brute Force
* Combinations / Permutations
* Divide & Conquer
* Graph
* Greedy
* Recursive

### Readme / Documentation Formatting
Please use [Markdown](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown) for formatting
any documentation for algorithms or any related projects. It's *cool* and
__easy__ to use.

You can easily add code markup by surrounding code in tick marks (\`), such
as, `int var = 0;`.

Or, you can just add your code on a new tab and type code freely.

	public static void main(String[] args) {
		System.out.println("Hello, world!");
	}

Pretty and syntactically correct mathematical equations can be generated by
following this [How To](https://github.com/rsnibbles/UAAlgorithms/wiki/How-to-make-mathematical-equations-in-markdown).

